This was a short module, but it was intended to be.
I wanted to show you how easy it was to create an entity and
have that generate your database table.
We also wired up the schemas so that when we started up our app,
it created our schema for us.
And then we downloaded a workbench or admin tool to verify
what was going on inside of our database and that it did, in
fact, create those tables for us.
Now I will point out all of the stuff we did was just utilizing the defaults.
In fact, you may have not caught it,
but it created a Hibernate sequence table inside of there,
which is kind of an odd default that Hibernate does for any
primary key values inside of our application. We're going
to look in the next module,
and it's a big module, of how we dive in and override all of those defaults.
And we're actually going to go through and use almost
every annotation inside of JPA to show you its
functionality in one fashion or another.
So this is really the core of what we're going to cover in the entire app, and it is a very big module.